I love riddles!
I hate everything.
You had me at meat tornado.
I change my locks every 16 days.
If it doesn’t have meat, it’s a snack.
Breakfast food can serve many purposes.
Is Star Wars the one with the wizard boy?
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
Don't waste energy moving unless necessary.
It's an impossible puzzle, and I love puzzles!
Son, there is no wrong way to consume alcohol.
I'll take that steak to go. Please and thank you.
Cultivating a manly musk puts opponent on notice.
We have one activity planned: not getting killed.
Well, I am not usually one for speeches. So, goodbye.
Barbecues should be about one thing: good shared meat.
Any dog under fifty pounds is a cat and cats are useless.
First rule. No conversation lasts longer than 100 total words.
Are you going to tell a man that he can't fart in his own car?
Capitalism: God's way of determining who is smart and who is poor.
Sting like a bee. Do not float like a butterfly. That’s ridiculous.
Live your life how you want, but don’t confuse drama with happiness.
I'm a simple man. I like pretty, dark-haired women, and breakfast food.
There are three acceptable haircuts: high and tight, crew cut, buzz cut.
Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga, except I still get to kill something.
Shorts over six inches are capri pants, shorts under six inches are European.
My son is several weeks old. He is very familiar with the sound of power tools.
Every two weeks I need to sand down my toe nails. They're too strong for clippers.
Capitalism is the only way … It makes America great, England OK and France terrible.
The three most useless jobs in the world in order are: lawyer, congressman, and doctor.
I like some changes. Like when I change a tree into a canoe, or a wife into an ex-wife.
Do you have any history of mental illness in your family? I have an uncle who does yoga.
One rage every three months is permitted. Try not to hurt anyone who doesn't deserve it.
Dear frozen yogurt, you are the celery of desserts. Be ice cream or be nothing. Zero stars.
It’s pointless for a human to paint scenes of nature when they can go outside and stand in it.
There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that's lying about being milk.
The government is a greedy piglet that suckles on a taxpayer's teat until they have sore, chapped nipples.
America: The only country that matters. If you want to experience other ‘cultures,’ use an atlas or a ham radio.
Once a year, every branch of this government meets in a room and announces what they intend to waste taxpayer money on.
When people get a little too chummy with me I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don't really care about them.
Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish… and feed yourself. He's a grown man. And fishing's not that hard.
I've had the same will since I was 8 years old. Upon my death, I will transfer all of my belongings to the man or animal who has killed me.
An ideal night out, to me, is stepping onto my porch area and grilling up a thick slab of something’s flesh and then popping in a highlight real from the WNBA.
The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage, balloon up to 600 pounds and die of a heart attack at 43, you can! You are free to do so. To me, that’s beautiful.
Every time she laughs, an angel dies. Even telemarketers avoid her. Her birth was payback for the sins of man. But you know the worst thing about her? She works for the library.
I've never been hungover. After I've had too much whiskey, I cook myself a large flank steak, pan fried and salted butter. I eat that, put on a pair of wet socks and go to sleep.
I call this turf ‘n’ turf. It's a 16 oz T-bone and a 24 oz porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American.
I’ve had the same haircut since 1978 and I’ve driven the same car since 1991. I’ve used the same wooden comb for three decades. I have one bowl. I still get my milk delivered by horse.
The key to burning an ex-wife effigy is to dip it in paraffin wax and then toss the flaming bottle of isopropyl alcohol from a safe distance. Do not stand too close when you light an ex-wife effigy.
No home is complete without a proper toolbox. Here's April and Andy's: A hammer, a half eaten pretzel, a baseball card, some cartridge that says Sonic and Hedgehog, a scissor half, a flashlight filled with jellybeans.
